[doc/developer/handling-requests] Add missing description of parameter (#5950)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/handling-requests/json.adoc

7. `@GET` indicates the HTTP method that is expected, and `@WebMethod` indicates that it is accepting an HTTP request. By default, the JAVA name of the WebMethod is used, but a different name can be specified by using `name =`
8. `JsonHttpResponse` is a sub class of `HttpResponse` that indicates that the response content will be JSON
9. An HTTP status can be set in the response.
10. `@QueryParameter` indicates that this parameter is injected from HTTP query parameter. By default, the JAVA parameter name is used (in this case `paramValue`), but a different name can be specified by using `value =` annotation attribute.

> 11. The method `get-error500` is added in the example to show how to set a error response as JSON.

Reviewer: Fix the method name
```suggestion
11. The method `getError500` is added in the example to show how to set a error response as JSON.
```
